first you must ask yourself are you
wealthy super truth of the world is that
most games someone to win someone has to
know
[Laughter]
think of this as fairytale that actually
happened there's confusion over who has
to pay so they drown Joe and 20 other
innocent people and somebody's making
money from it no it goes back to this
law firm mossack fonseca so what happens
next what do we do next try and send
money it's a scam that goes from Houston
to the West Indies to some bank who
knows where they're getting away with
murder which is bad
big bad it's such a big word for being
such a small
how does it all work bribery corruption
money laundry millions and millions and
millions of dollars
somebody has to sound the alarm
[Music]
is my money most of the time we
don't even know
you